f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.AssemblyInfo.cs
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.Development.json
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.json
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.exe
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.deps.json
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.runtimeconfig.json
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.runtimeconfig.dev.json
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.pdb
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\AutoMapper.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\AutoMapper.Extensions.Microsoft.DependencyInjection.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Bcl.HashCode.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-arm64\native\sni.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x64\native\sni.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x86\native\sni.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netstandard2.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BL.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Common.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\DAL.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BL.pdb
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Common.pdb
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\DAL.pdb
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\staticwebassets\WEB API.StaticWebAssets.Manifest.cache
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.csproj.CopyComplete
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.pdb
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.genruntimeconfig.cache
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.NewtonsoftJson.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\WebApplication1\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Newtonsoft.Json.Bson.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.Development.json
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.json
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.exe
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.deps.json
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.runtimeconfig.json
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.runtimeconfig.dev.json
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.pdb
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\AutoMapper.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\AutoMapper.Extensions.Microsoft.DependencyInjection.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.NewtonsoftJson.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Bcl.HashCode.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Newtonsoft.Json.Bson.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-arm64\native\sni.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x64\native\sni.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x86\native\sni.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netstandard2.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BL.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Common.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\DAL.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BL.pdb
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Common.pdb
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\DAL.pdb
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.AssemblyInfo.cs
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\staticwebassets\WEB API.StaticWebAssets.Manifest.cache
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.csproj.CopyComplete
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.dll
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.pdb
f:\Users\user\Documents\finalProject\allFromAbove\Web\WEB API\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WEB API.genruntimeconfig.cache
